[DOC-1342] New CDC flags in 2024.2.9.1 (#32019)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/v2024.2/additional-features/change-data-capture/using-logical-replication/advanced-configuration.md

When using FULL or DEFAULT replica identities, CDC preserves previous row values for UPDATE and DELETE operations. This is done by retaining history for each row in the database through a suspension of the compaction process. Compaction is halted by setting retention barriers to prevent cleanup of history for those rows that are yet to be streamed to the CDC client. These retention barriers are dynamically managed and advanced only after the CDC events are streamed and explicitly acknowledged by the client, thus allowing compaction of history for streamed rows.

The [cdc_intent_retention_ms](../../../../reference/configuration/yb-tserver/#cdc-intent-retention-ms) flag governs the maximum retention period (default 8 hours). Be aware that any interruption in CDC consumption for extended periods using these replica identities may degrade read performance. This happens because compaction activities are halted in the database with these replica identities, leading to inefficient key lookups as reads must traverse multiple SST files.

> If intent retention barriers remain stuck on a tablet after dropping a replication slot (for example, on index tablets that are not part of the publication), use the [cdc_release_barriers_on_tablet](../../../../admin/yb-ts-cli/#cdc-release-barriers-on-tablet) `yb-ts-cli` command (v2024.2.9.1+) on the YB-TServer that hosts the tablet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If CDC retention barriers remain stuck on a tablet after dropping a replication slot (for example, on index tablets that are not part of the publication), use the [cdc_release_barriers_on_tablet](../../../../admin/yb-ts-cli/#cdc-release-barriers-on-tablet) `yb-ts-cli` command (v2024.2.9.1+) on each YB-TServer that hosts the peer of the tablet.
```

> If CDC retention barriers remain stuck on a tablet after dropping a replication slot (for example, on index tablets that are not part of the publication), use the [cdc_release_barriers_on_tablet](../../../../admin/yb-ts-cli/#cdc-release-barriers-on-tablet) `yb-ts-cli` command (v2024.2.9.1+) on each YB-TServer that hosts the peer of the tablet.

Reviewer 2: this only applies to 2024.2? ie was fixed in later versions or...
